rename qenv (#733)
insightsengineering/teal: NEWS.md

### Enhancements

* Added option to choose which variables can be filtered in the filter panel by using the `filterable` attributes for the per-dataset lists in the `filter` argument of `init`. 

> * `teal_module` having `data` argument in its arguments of type `tdata`. Modules receive this object (a list of reactive filter data with `"code"` and `"join_keys"` attributes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `teal_module` having `data` argument in its arguments of type `tdata`. Modules receive this object (a list of reactive filtered datasets with `"code"` and `"join_keys"` attributes).
```
